rockscript/src/main/resources/webfiles/docs/introduction.md, before:

RockScript is scripting engine to coordinates service invocations. You write scripts that 
invoke services.  The RockScript engine executes the scripts resilient and non-blocking.

RockScript is the better alternative for using message queues.  When you want to combine 
multiple service invocations you can't use plain code because your server could crash while 
some invocations have succeeded and some may not have started yet.  The typical way to 
deal with this is message queues. But using message queues, you have to cut your code into 
individual message handlers, configure your code to queues and it quickly becomes really 
hard to understand the overall logic.  With RockScript it's easy to read your business logic 
in the scripts. 

Because RockScript does persistent, non-blocking execution of service functions, they
can be *long running*.  Service function invocations can take seconds to days or
even months without any problem.  No memory or thread resources are consumed by the
RockScript server while waiting for a service function to complete.

Because RockScript language is a subset of JavaScript, it's really easy to perform data
transormations between service function invocations.

For more reasons why and when to use RockScript, see <a onclick="show('why-and-when')">Why and 
when</a>

## The RockScript language

The RockScript language is a subset of JavaScript. For example:

```javascript
var http = system.import('rockscript.io/http');
var approvalService = system.import('localhost:3000');

/* get is a service function on the built-in http service */
var chuckResponse = http.get({url:'http://api.icndb.com/jokes/random'});

/* approve is a service function on the external approval service */
approvalService.approve(chuckResponse.body.value.joke);
```

For more details about which subset of JavaScript is supported, see 
<a onclick="show('language')">RockScript language</a>

## Terminology

The *RockScript server* is the server that manages scripts and script executions.

![RockScript Overview](img/overview.png)

A *script* on the server can be identified by its name and has multiple *script version*s. 

*Deploying* a script means saving the script on the server so that script executions 
can be started for that script.  A *script execution* is one execution of a script version.  

A *service* makes external API, system, service or functionality available as functions 
in the RockScript engine. A *service function* is a single RCP style operation that 
can be invoked in the script like a normal function.

A *service object*, like eg `http` and `approvalService` in the example above, is 
the script object that exposes the service functions in the script.

## Thanks

Thanks to [GitHub](https://github.com) for hosting the code, community and website.

Thanks to JetBrains for their support to open source and the 
free [Intellij IDEA Ultimate](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) license.

Thanks to [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/) for their continuous integration

Commit message:

Renamed name to scriptName in save command and docs progress

rockscript/src/main/resources/webfiles/docs/introduction.md, after:

RockScript is scripting engine to coordinates service invocations. You write scripts that 
invoke services.  The RockScript engine executes the scripts resilient and non-blocking.

RockScript is the better alternative for using message queues.  When you want to combine 
multiple service invocations you can't use plain code because your server could crash while 
some invocations have succeeded and some may not have started yet.  The typical way to 
deal with this is message queues. But using message queues, you have to cut your code into 
individual message handlers, configure your code to queues and it quickly becomes really 
hard to understand the overall logic.  With RockScript it's easy to read your business logic 
in the scripts. 

Because RockScript does persistent, non-blocking execution of service functions, they
can be *long running*.  Service function invocations can take seconds to days or
even months without any problem.  No memory or thread resources are consumed by the
RockScript server while waiting for a service function to complete.

Because RockScript language is a subset of JavaScript, it's really easy to perform data
transormations between service function invocations.

For more reasons why and when to use RockScript, see <a onclick="show('why-and-when')">Why and 
when</a>

## Overview

The <a onclick="show('language')">RockScript language</a> is a subset of JavaScript. For example:

```javascript
var http = system.import('rockscript.io/http');
var approvalService = system.import('localhost:3000');

/* get is a service function on the built-in http service */
var chuckResponse = http.get({url:'http://api.icndb.com/jokes/random'});

/* approve is a service function on the external approval service */
approvalService.approve(chuckResponse.body.value.joke);
```

The *RockScript server* is the server that manages scripts, script versions and script executions.

![RockScript Overview](img/overview.png)

The RockScript server has a HTTP web <a onclick="show('api')">API</a> to 
* Manage scripts
* Manage script versions
* Start script executions
* Query events, script executions, scripts and script versions

There is a <a onclick="show('cli')">command line interface</a> which you can use to call the API and SPI 
through the command line.

<a onclick="show('services')">Services</a> make functionality available through service functions that can be invoked 
from the scripts. The first and most common service is the HTTP service which comes out of the box.  

The RockScript server also has a HTTP <a onclick="show('service-spi')">Service SPI</a> to add new service functions 
really fast and easy.  

## Terminology

A *script* on the server can be identified by its name and has multiple *script version*s. 

*Deploying* a script means saving the script on the server so that script executions 
can be started for that script.  A *script execution* is one execution of a script version.  

A *service* makes external API, system, service or functionality available as functions 
in the RockScript engine. A *service function* is a single RCP style operation that 
can be invoked in the script like a normal function.

A *service object*, like eg `http` and `approvalService` in the example above, is 
the script object that exposes the service functions in the script.

## Thanks

Thanks to [GitHub](https://github.com) for hosting the code, community and website.

Thanks to JetBrains for their support to open source and the 
free [Intellij IDEA Ultimate](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) license.

Thanks to [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/) for their continuous integration
